HADES (#286)
yuzu-emu/yuzu-emu.github.io: site/content/entry/yuzu-hades/index.md

# Overview of changes

Project Hades was a collaborative effort from developers [Rodrigo](https://github.com/ReinUsesLisp), [Blinkhawk](https://github.com/FernandoS27), and [epicboy](https://github.com/ameerj).
They distributed the required work among themselves and spent countless hours in coding, unit testing, game testing, and performance validation.

[Blinkhawk](https://github.com/FernandoS27) mainly worked on implementing miscellaneous instructions, including texture sampling instructions required for decompilation.
He added support for Nvidia's `VertexA shader stage`, a non-standard shader stage available on Nvidia hardware that is executed before the regular `VertexB shader stage`.

This allowed games such as `Catherine: Full Body`, `Bravely Default 2`, and `A Hat in Time` to render graphics for the first time.
[Blinkhawk](https://github.com/FernandoS27) also fixed an issue in yuzu's texture cache relating to the texture streaming used in Unreal Engine 4 (UE4) games, resolving many of their rendering issues.

> **Note:** Due to a race condition in our GPU Emulation, for correct rendering in Catherine Full Body, you may need to disable Asynchronous GPU Emulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Due to a race condition in our GPU Emulation, to render Catherine Full Body correctly, you may need to disable Asynchronous GPU Emulation.
```

{{< single-title-imgs
    "Fire Emblem: Three Houses"
    "./Fire emblem Three houses.png"
    "./feth.png"
    "./feth2.png"
>}}

{{< single-title-imgs
    "Hyrule Warriors: Age of Calamity"
    "./AOC_2.png"
    "./AOC_3.png"
    "./AOC_4.png"
>}}

{{< imgs
    "./Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3.png| Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3"
    "./Hyrule_Warriors_DE.png| Hyrule Warriors Definitive Edition"
>}}

{{< single-title-imgs
    "Persona 5 Scramble"
    "./P5S.png"
    "./P5S_2.png"
    "./P5S_3.png"
>}}

{{< single-title-imgs
    "Xenoblade Chronicles (EA Vs. HADES)"
    "./xc-ea.jpg"
    "./xc-hades.jpg"
>}}

`Hollow Knight's` issue with transparent textures has been fixed.
{{< single-title-imgs
    "Hollow Knight (EA Vs. HADES)"
    "./hollow_knight_ea.png"
    "./hollow_knight_hades.png"
>}}

`Kirby Star Allies`, `Mario Kart 8 deluxe`, `Tony Hawk Pro Skater`, `Story of Seasons`, and `Clubhouse` games, were among many other titles that saw graphical glitches fixed.

> `Rune Factory 4` perfectly renders now and `Rune Factory 5` has improved rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Rune Factory 4` renders perfectly now and `Rune Factory 5` has improved rendering.
```
